Previously on Young and Hungry...
I'm spending the weekend taking
my best friend on a vacation!
Where? Mexico?
Sí!
Sofia...
may I kiss you?
Sofia's gonna miss you so much.
Man, I wish we could just pack you
up in our car and take you with us.
You know, I don't remember
all these border patrol guys
with like guns and angry dogs
and stuff when we came in.
What's all that about?
Relax, Gabi, we have nothing to hide.
Unless you're smuggling something.
Learn the unknown English words
of this movie at www.skeebdo.com
Hi, Officer... "Ho-nez," is it?
Thats "Jones."
Do you have anything to declare?
Just that these searchlights
make your eyes look beautiful.
Gabi, what are you doing?
Getting us home, Sofia. Getting us home.
Go ahead and put the car in park.
I'm searching this vehicle.
Sofia...
there's something I have to tell you.
Gonna pop the trunk, ma'am?
You know, I'm not sure this car has one.
Gabi, what is your problem?
Yeah, see that's...
that's what I had to tell you.
What did you do?
Well, you were just so sad, and I
really wanted to see you happy.
By getting us arrested?
Oh, I see what you've been hiding.
- Oh, my god, we're going to jail.
- Oh.
You can not take
a mango across the border.
It is illegal to bring
this into the U.S.
Uh, we are so sorry, sir.
Please forgive us.
Yes, we feel horrible.
Don't do it again.
You can go, but I'm keeping this.
- Let's go, let's go, let's go.
- Okay, let's get moving.
Sofia, the car's not moving.
- Why is the car not moving?
- The brake's on.
- Oh.
- No, that's the trunk!
Hold it!
Hola.
- Synced & Corrected by  Dragoniod -
www.addic7ed.com
Thank God we didn't go to jail.
I was already planning
on making you my prison bitch.
But...
they let us off with a warning,
Juancarlo got to go home,
and all's well that ends well.
Did it really end well?
Oh, my god.
You just talked to me.
In fact, I kind of think
you even started yelling,
which is good because
you haven't said anything to me
for two hours and you need
to let it out, Sofia.
I can't.
Why? Because you're scared
you're going to yell at me?
Because you're scared
you're going to cry?
I don't know. Look,
when we left the resort,
I thought I was never
gonna see Juancarlo again.
And then in the car,
I turned around
and I saw his face, and...
Oh, my god, it's the crying one.
Ugh. God, we were so close.
Where did it all go wrong?
When you popped the trunk,
and they found him.
Yeah.
But, what